Ashley, how are you?
I'm good.
Try not to be nervous.
I'm also nervous.
We're all feeling a little bit nervous.
Yeah.
So first off, like, I don't have a clarity of what it is that you do.
Like, is there, you can explain it to us?
Well, the simple way is I do psychic medium readings where I tune in to your energy and
try to get that snapshot of your future.
And then I can connect with people on the other side if that's what people want.
Wait, so like, have you always done this or do you have a job job that you go to every
day, like a nine to five?
So my day job is I investigate scams and financial exploitation for a living.
So, you know, that's very, uh, follow the evidence and the proof and look at everything
logically and it's very, very different in process.
And the truth is you are and you're, you're a detective in both lives.
You're just looking at this.
Yeah.
It's just working different sides of my brain and different sides of my soul.
I don't know.
Um, so it's, it's very different.
Uh, I don't tell people because it's so taboo.
It's just taboo.
Um, and the fact that a lot of times mediums will get or psychomediums will be labeled
as a scam.
And so it's like, well, I don't want, you know, the people that I work with to.
Yes.
You know, get the impression that I'm scamming people, but I don't, I don't charge.
I don't do a lot of other things that regular, um, full time mediums do.
So I, I feel like I dodged the bullet there.
Um, what, how do you feel your life is enriched now with respect to those periods when you
were closed off from it?
Like what, what have you, what have you gained by opening yourself to it?
Yeah.
Like a whole different life altering perspective that helps calm my fear of death that helps
calm my fear of my loved ones dying.
And when you tap into that need that that other person has and connect to that and help
them with that need, I, I don't know how to describe that.
It's saying that it's profound for both, for both of us.
And so it's like, I get to experience how, how loved someone else is.
Yeah.
So I think we should get into that.
Why don't you talk about like, like, what, what you told me, like, like your beginnings
and why this is a natural step for you.
And then also how your relationship with your abilities have like evolved over time.
Um, I probably had my first experience when I was, there's probably five.
Um, I was in my backyard.
And for this brief second, I just saw this, um, image of a person.
Uh, like when I see a spirit, it's like an outline of a person, but in static.
And I knew it was my grandpa.
Did you know what was going on?
Like, did you, like, were you able to sort of, like, where, where were you mentally, emotionally,
uh, during these sort of first occurrences?
So it still didn't occur to me that not everybody saw this stuff.
Because I grew up in the community and the culture and the religion that there are angels
and there are demons and there are, um, entities of light and good and everybody has a spirit
and sometimes you see them and there's this, all of these stories throughout our church
history of people seeing things.
So it's like, this is just, everybody sees things.
Uh, yeah.
I guess I, yeah.
So how do you refer to this, this kind of empathy that you do?
Like, is it mediumship?
Uh, like what, what do you call it?
Uh, it's like an extreme ability to empathize whether people want me to or not.
There's permission involved.
Hmm.
Um, Joey mentioned something about your family and we were wondering if you would be comfortable
talking about that and sort of what you learned from that experience and, and, and I guess
what happened.
Sure.
My brother and I'm very close.
He committed suicide five years ago.
Um, so anyway, my, my brother, uh, appeared as this mass in my bedroom, like in back to
the, the static, the, just like the static outline of a person and the energy that I
was feeling from him was so intense, like guilt.
And I, it was like I knew that death didn't bring him what he thought it would.
Um, feeling and knowing that death didn't accomplish what he thought he would.
And he was like just rocked with regret.
And so the only thing I knew to do was say like, we're going to be okay.
Let you can move forward.
Did you feel, I mean, like that, that's such an awful, like it's like,
the worst feeling you could have after losing a loved one to also have this feeling that
like they're not even that piece.
I mean, so I'm wondering like when you, when you said what you said to him, did you feel
like there was some connection there?
Like it made contact.
Well, that one thing taught me one thing that you are the same here as you are on the
other side.
You don't magically change.
You are the same.
So it's not going to accomplish what you think it will.
Um, you're either going to have to fix it now with your body or you're going to have to
fix it on the other side.
You can pick which one, but it's probably easier here than to fix it on the other side.
So I'm still going to need therapy after I die.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So you can get therapy now or you can get therapy there.
Um, also what's a copay look like on the show?
I might have better insurance.
So you see your brother.
So I see my brother and that was very sad.
Um, and anyway, then like, oh, there was two weeks between when he died and when we had
the funeral for him.
And a few days before the funeral, I have this very intense and real dream where he
comes to me and like I'm sitting with my husband in a restaurant who walks in and he's like,
okay, at that point.
I'm so sorry.
God damn.
I mean, I'm glad that he's okay, but like fuck, you know, um, one last thing before we start.
Can you tell us like what you're going to do, like physically or mentally?
Like what do you do to prepare or like maintain this like state of openness?
I usually will do some stretches and, um, shocker work and ask that, um, that I may be
able to know, think channel, uh, to the best of my ability to help you the most.
Huh.
So how do we start?